good people are when I come here in the workshop
of the skies
after a day of painting I think
He was able to paint yesterday.
hey we will see the result of the painting of the
my blingee see what happened there in the
painting
Okay he painted the body call they are
the south managed to paint a bodywork today and today
He is starting to paint party leaving with the
result the result the team was
painter that his workshop is a part of
his workshop is preparing and the
parts to paint the cause would be already
here outside
this means that everything worked out the
culture comes it has already dried show here
for you motor
motorola is strong Mexican who only
Left the one that took to give a tight
placed here some fairing already
set already did what had to do the
engine and chassis already has caught the pretim
exchange is not with black
here is the bell with the body since the
count of five jacini holes already
put even the rubber that for the
body on top is almost ready
still missing the brake disc is there
in the tournament to check more
something the chapel here yet
but some woods here
the steering rod
it's a side thing here old bench
now let's go here if that guy over there
celso is the talented the heavens with
money painter who still does not talent
here in my fusca
I speak but it is not pay to be from paulo is
a guy is capricious for damn that
which is the body of my fusca already
painted and varnished she gives an
detail here looks at me only this
Look at this ceiling, this shine there, people.
the brightness you see there is
a glitter of only the varnish when it would be
was painted yesterday and has not been harvested yet
Emotionless
Find a way here, yes the body is
ready to be mounted on the part of the
this done also looks only at the
Face painting is sensational
I wanted to talk to him and give him a
interview but he is shy
I'll see if I can convince and to
The interview for us here.
is the other part of his structure here
of his workshop then have a pretext of
This is the one he has already
is preparing and let's go now
Then after lunch you'll start painting.
the little things are not
here is daddy from the luxury greenhouse not the
zoom here everything is ready nep
in the right position to enter the
painting
she already passed
one of December the chanti in the pieces already
There is a way that matters.
the other the hood being painted full high
dust for us but a video there is
to show you the step by step of the
Restoration of my fusca is the fusca 73
He was white, I 'm passing all over.
painted silver polaris is a silver of the
the chevrolet line
so I'll go there step by step
To you, I want a photo to talk.
for you to accompany restoration of my
fusca valeu